### <span style="color:gray">\#\#\#\# AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED, DO NOT EDIT MANUALLY \#\#\#\# </br>
*This file was generated by divyaamirtharaj on 2023-04-26 014509* </br>
**Dataset:** dedoose_data </br></br>

## Section: JUSTICE AND ACCOUNTABILITY </br>
### <span style="color:#1877F2"> Keywords: </br>
It is essential that justice is served for the suffering we have endured, and that those responsible are punished accordingly. </br>

ISIS, held accountable, punished, justice, suffering, violence, rights, accountability, justice system, exacting revenge, wrongs, atrocities, oppression, suffering inflicted, international trial, court, accountability, punishment, justice served, violence committed, wrongs done, severe punishment, justice achieved, confrontation, accountability, remedy, perpetrators. </br></br>

### <span style="color:#1877F2"> Themes: </br>
I want to see them punished and justice served, as the violence that I experienced was unimaginable. </br>
1. It is extremely important to the respondent that those responsible for any harm they have experienced are held accountable and appropriately punished. 
2. R believes that all members of ISIS should be held accountable for their actions, regardless of whether they are leaders or soldiers, and that they should face similar punishments to those they inflicted on others. 
3. The respondent emphasizes the importance of holding the perpetrators of violence accountable for their actions and wants justice for the violence done to them and their family. 
4. It is vital that those who caused harm to the respondent and their community are held accountable for their actions and punished. </br></br>

### <span style="color:#1877F2"> Sample Analysis Questions: </br>
1. What are the respondent's feelings towards the violence inflicted by ISIS?
2. What is the respondent's opinion on justice being served to those who committed violence?
3. How did ISIS's actions affect the respondent and their community?
4. How would the respondent like to see ISIS members punished?
5. Does the respondent believe that ISIS members should all be held accountable, even if they are not leaders?
6. How does the respondent feel about the court system of justice?
7. What kind of action does the respondent wish to take against ISIS?
8. Does the respondent have any ideas for how justice can be achieved?
9. How does the respondent think that people should be held accountable for their actions?
10. What kind of punishment does the respondent think is appropriate for ISIS? </br>
